1. What is oops stand for?
   Object Oriented Programming.


2. What is Polymorphism? explain types.

   Polymorphism means "many forms", and it occurs when we have many classes that are related to each other by inheritance.

3. what is the interface and example in selenium, java?

   inheritance in java is a mechanism in which one object acquires all the properties and behavior of a parent object.

4. what is abstract class and example?

   A class that is declared with the abstract keyword is known as an abstract class in Java. It can have abstract and non-abstract methods (method with the body)

5. Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance

   The key difference between Multiple and Multilevel Inheritance is that Multiple Inheritance is when a class inherits
   from many base classes while Multilevel Inheritance is when a class inherits from a derived class, making that class a base class for a new class.


6. Is multiple inheritances possible in java?
   Multiple Inheritance is a feature of an object-oriented concept, where a class can inherit properties of more than one parent class. The problem occurs when there exist methods with the same signature in both the superclasses and subclass.
   On calling the method, the compiler cannot determine which class method to be called and even on calling which class method gets the priority.
 
7. What is the keyword for using inheritance?
   The extends keyword indicates that you are making a new class that derives from an existing class.
   The meaning of "extends" is to increase the functionality

8. what is the keyword to connect interface and class
   The keyword implements is used to implement any interface in our class. Class body: the class body starts with an opening brace {and ends with a closing brace}.
   We can define instance variables, constructors, methods, nested classes and interfaces in the class body.

9. what is the difference between class and interface

   A class is a user-defined blueprint or prototype from which objects are created.
   It represents the set of properties or methods that are common to all objects of one type. In general, class declarations can include these components.

   Like a class, an interface can have methods and variables, but the methods declared in interface are by default abstract (only method signature, no body).   
 

10. what is the difference between class and abstract class
   Class:
       Instance and static variables 

       Instance and static block 

       Concrete methods (Instance and static) 

   Constructor 

      Abstract class can contain the following members:

      Instance and static variables 

      Instance and static block 

      Concrete methods (Instance and static) 

     Abstract methods 

     Constructor 

  It is used for doing new concrete implementation.


  Abstract class:
  It is used for doing partial implementation.


